# The Game Of Politics Welcomes You // Before You Begin
Pick your player.  You'll be stuck with him/her for the entire season.  Choose wisely but don't sweat it.  You'll learn a ton about what is means to be "successful" in politics and even more if your player fails.  Failure breeds success, and success here begets **a LOT** including **BUTTONS!**  

**Political buttons** used to be all the rage!  (On a sidenote, did you know that the best button maker here in America is from **Tecre?**  Look it up, great machine!)  While many political game companies and apps like to tie their points systems to crypto, NFTs and the like, we tie our points systems to **buttons** as well as actual **near real-time objective fact-based info** that shows whether or not your elected official and public servant is making progress in the things that matter most to you.  If not, we provide a near automated mechanism for allowing you to **reach out** to your elected official via e-mail, snail mail, or a phone call!

Back to the **buttons.**  Standard **1 1/4** buttons with the **pins.**  But not just any **buttons**.  These **buttons** are generated with AI to look like a painting, and while that may not seem like much, they are **one of a kind.**  Stamped by hand by us, using the gold standard button maker from **Tecre** we mentioned.  You will earn political insight, get points, compete with others, and hopefully create a mechanism for change for your candidate player at the end of the season.  And we hope you will have **FUN!**

Back to the game.  Pick a player.  Read their bio.  **Commit.**

If you need help picking your player, please filter by the issues listed on our homepage:

[**Legislators.Live**](https://legislators.live)

# Mission Confirmed // Ready To Engage?

Congratulations for choosing your player.  You can now sit back and watch how they work.  You will see the bills that they sponsor, the votes that they make, you will even know if they showed up for a roll call.  Because **knowing is half the battle** as **Stephen Hawking** once said.  At the end of the day, you will be able to see your candidate's **progress** as your **public servant.**

Our system works in conjunction with AI and real-time data gathering to distill down data into a pleasing experience for you using the latest in open-source tech.  We do not monetize this effort in any way currently (it's **FREE**) and is our way of giving others a glimpse into the cool things you can build with **open-source technology** and how it's **easy** to get involved in your **local and national political arena.**

We are a **small startup** looking to grow a team and have some fun gaming with others along the way!  Thank you so much for checking out our prototype for the **Game of Politics.**

Please do **sign-up** during this **pre-seed round**.  Who knows, maybe your **buttons** will be worth something someday **AND** maybe your player will go on to **change the world!**

**DISCLAIMER**
This is a prototype we are in the process of building.  Please feel free to sign up for **EARLY ACCESS** (and get some cool **buttons!**) but know that this is not yet ready for **PRIMETIME.**  Thanks for your understanding!

1. Much of the content that you see here was generated by AI.  Our team, company, any contractors, or other partners shall not be held liable for any content produced by this AI (in our case we currently use **OpenAI's API.**  In terms of **AI images,** these were produced with Stable Diffusion).  
2. We are a small operation and learning as we go.  We like to experiment with different technologies and share this tech with the world (this is the **guiding mission** of our main endeavor, **Work Dojos**).  We want to help put technology back into the hands of the people.
3. We are staunch supporters of data privacy.  If you opt in to political button deliveries, you will be sharing your address.  We try to keep customer data limited for liability purposes.  We will not share or distribute in any way, your private information.

 **The Basics:** 
 
 You sign up.  You get access to a customized dashboard for you and your candidate.  We feed data into this dashboard based on your candidate's success.  Once registered, you will receive all you need to know, including some of the cool **button** perks that you can earn **IF** your player is **SUCCESSFUL.**

 Still have questions?  Chat with us here:

[**Workmates.Live**](https://chat.workmates.live/channel/Legislator)

# Good Luck! // The World Thanks You For Trying.